Fixed #33405, Refs #7177 -- Clarified docs for filter escapejs regarding safe and unsafe usages. (#16897)
django/django: docs/ref/templates/builtins.txt

``escapejs``
------------

Escapes characters for use in JavaScript strings (text written inside single
or double quotes). Using this filter only makes the string safe when used as
the whole content of a JavaScript or JSON string literal (please see the

> example below). Note that it does not make the string safe for use in

Reviewer: "Note that" sounds unnecessary.

> Escapes characters for use in JavaScript strings (text written inside single
> or double quotes). Using this filter only makes the string safe when used as
> the whole content of a JavaScript or JSON string literal (please see the
> example below). Note that it does not make the string safe for use in

Reviewer 2: I prefer to avoid parenthesized clauses, since they are "optional", whilst really you'd like readers to comprehend all the points. I have also tried combining the two first sentences here into one:

```suggestion
Escapes characters for use as a whole JavaScript string literal, within single
or double quotes, as below. This filter does not make the string safe for use in
```

"JavaScript template literals" (i.e. the JavaScript backtick syntax), and

> any other use is not supported. It is generally recommended however that

Reviewer: I'd remove "however".

> example below). Note that it does not make the string safe for use in
> "JavaScript template literals" (i.e. the JavaScript backtick syntax), and
> any other use is not supported. It is generally recommended however that
> data should be passed using HTML ``data-`` attributes, or the
> :tfilter:`json_script` filter, rather than in embedded JavaScript.

Reviewer: Maybe:
```suggestion
example below). It does not make the string safe for use in *"JavaScript
template literals"* (i.e. the JavaScript backtick syntax), or any other use. It
is generally recommended that data should be passed using HTML ``data-``
attributes, or the :tfilter:`json_script` filter, rather than in embedded
JavaScript.
```

Author: Seems ok to me, except that the sentence `It does not make the string safe for use in *"JavaScript
template literals"* (i.e. the JavaScript backtick syntax), or any other use.` is essentially a regression that re-introduces the exact problem this PR is intended to solve, i.e. that the documentation says that the filter is never safe to use, which is not true and extremely confusing. Removing the `or any other use` and instead putting `- any other use is not supported` after `Using this filter only makes the string safe when used as the whole content of a JavaScript or JSON string literal (please see the example below)` might be an improvement?

Reviewer 2: I like this suggestion to phrase it positively by what's supported, rather than negatively by what's not. I think we can shorten to:

```
Using this filter only makes the string safe when used as the whole content of a JavaScript or JSON string literal, as below.
```

Reviewer 2: Let's remove "i.e." - many English speakers don't understand what it means, and it's not necessary here.

For example:

.. code-block:: html+django

>     <script>
>     let myValue = '{{ value|escapejs }}'

Reviewer 2: We can indicate the code would continue, and use a more realistic example value:

```suggestion
    <script>
    let userName = '{{ user.name|escapejs }}'
    ...
```

Maybe we could have a broken example too like `let userDisplay = 'User {{ user.display_name|escapejs }}'`

Author: The example improvement is perfectly reasonable, of course, but the "don't do this" example just opens a whole can of worms, because in fact that usage is perfectly safe, but we're not mentioning that because the rules as to what is and isn't safe are too complex to explain so it's better to just say "only do \<this>", not "you can do anything so long as conditions X, Y, Z are met" etc.

``escapejs``
------------

Escapes characters for use as a whole JavaScript string literal, within single
or double quotes, as below. This filter does not make the string safe for use
in *"JavaScript template literals"* (the JavaScript backtick syntax), any other

> use is not supported. It is generally recommended that data should be passed

Reviewer 3: > This filter does not make [...], any other use is not supported

I feel like there's something missing before the `any other use` - as it stands, that sounds like the previous item(s) were a list of _supported_ use cases. 

i.e. it's actually: "this doesn't make it safe for template literals, **_nor_** any other usages not enumerated above"

That isn't a suggested wording, but I can't find a non-awkward way to say it right now 😄

Reviewer: Maybe as a separate sentence:

_"This filter does not make the string safe ... . Any other uses not listed above are not supported. It is generally recommended ..."_

Reviewer: @kezabelle I pushed edits, please take a look.

Reviewer 3: It's still a _little_ awkward, because the ordering still _kinda_ suggests that the previous item(s) were all supported use cases/behaviours. 
We technically _could_ probably solve that by moving the `Any other uses` to be _before_ the admonition about backtick syntax, but I think it's actually more important to front-load that part as "hey this isn't supported" ... so on balance I think it's fine as-is and anything more is just my tilting at windmills.

Reviewer: > It's still a _little_ awkward, because the ordering still _kinda_ suggests that the previous item(s) were all supported use cases/behaviours. We technically _could_ probably solve that by moving the `Any other uses` to be _before_ the admonition about backtick syntax, but I think it's actually more important to front-load that part as "hey this isn't supported" ... so on balance I think it's fine as-is and anything more is just my tilting at windmills.

Yeah, it's really hard to find the right balance in wording (check out #15430). Let's move it forward, thanks :+1:
